    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic html is the practice of carefully labeling your html so all of your elements are understandable relative to the content they hold. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to build webpages primarily containing all of the information and content of the page. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes are essentially modifiers, or additional info for elements within html documents, and are placed inside of the opening tag of an element. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 is used to make very large title esque font, and is normally used for exactly that ideally meaning it should only be used once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        a, and img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       In the head of our document we list any linked documents such as CSS or other assets sites. We also list the title of the page.  

    7. What is an id? 
        An id is a very specific way of labeling items within an html document to later manipulate. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once per ID 

    10. What is a class? 
        A class is a way of selecting multiple different elements at the same time within CSS or JS

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        All elements can has a class attached to them. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as you want. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target='_blank' attribute within your link
    
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        The alt attribute is used to provided alternative text to an image to say what it is. 
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
        # references id's in CSS
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is mostly the same as a Div, but Section provides semantic value to the document. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        As the name implies it is used to style html documents.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        To select an element in CSS you simply reference the element, for instance if it were h2 it would read:  h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Classes and Id's differ by their specificity. A class can be used multiple times throughout a document and should be used to style or manipulate several different elements you want to change similarly. Where as an Id is generally used to very specifically modify one element because you can only use it once. Helpful when you want to change something deeply nested within several different classes or similar elements. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class-name

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p .human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector is when you specify down to the child in order of inheritence to specifically target certain elements. This is useful when you have a lot of different classes and elements nested within one another that isn't directly linear. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a pseudo selector is a selector for elements in specific states such as hover or visited

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height property in css

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing property in css

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform 

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?  
        div {
            border-radius: 1px;
            border-type: dotted;
            border-color; black
        }
        or
        div {
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        You just check the directory in the terminal

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        li

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm 'filename'  will delete the file, but offers no confirmation or warning for said deletion once you press enter.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control is important so you can always go back to preview elements. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Any time you have added any amount of work you deem substantional, especially if you've finished something. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork > Collaborate > Clone > Branch > Pull > Review


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?


    2. What happens when an eleme nt ispositioned absolutely? 


    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
   

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 




Link to codepen:
https://codepen.io/rmcintyre/pen/rNaKPdP?editors=1100